Where do interface names come from? (#1434)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

LocalSpecifier.WithInterface("en0")
~~~

> Systems usually offer means to obtain a list of available local interfaces; such means ought to

Reviewer: is this a should?

Reviewer: nah, ought to is ok.

> Systems usually offer means to obtain a list of available local interfaces; such means ought to
> be usable by an application to obtain the string to be supplied here. The specifics of these
> means depend on the implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Systems usually offer means to obtain a list of available local interfaces; when available, these allow the application to obtain the interface name string to supply to this function.
The details of the system means to enumerate local interfaces are platform-specific.
```
